Clarify Linux installation from sources [13767] (#325)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/installation/sources/sources_linux.rst

       pip3 install -U colcon-common-extensions vcstool

#. After this step colcon and vcstool will be in $HOME/.local/bin and have to be added in the PATH.
   For example, on Ubuntu use:

   .. code-block:: bash

>        echo "export PATH="$HOME/.local/bin:$PATH"" >> ~/.bashrc

Reviewer: On Ubuntu 20.04, `$HOME/.local/bin` is already in the `PATH`

Reviewer 2: I managed to get the following warning on a Focal docker:

`WARNING: The script colcon is installed in '/home/test2/.local/bin' which is not on PATH.
  Consider adding this directory to PATH or, if you prefer to suppress this warning, use --no-warn-script-location.`
  
Maybe it's worth it to reword this step and ask the user to check his PATH for this folder presence and update it if it is not there.

^^^^^^^^

The JDK is a development environment for building applications and components using the Java language.

> The version of Java to use must be 8.0.0. Download and install it. For example, on Ubuntu use the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install JDK, run:
```

Once the requirements above are met, compile *Fast DDS-Gen* by following the steps below:

.. note::

>     If already installed FastDDS with colcon, you may skip the git clone command; *fastddsgen* can be found under
>     the :code:`src` directory of FastDDS colcon workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If Fast DDS has already been installed following :ref:`colcon_installation_linux`, skip cloning Fast DDS-Gen repository, as it can be already be found under the :code:`src` directory within the colcon workspace.
```
